# VANet v2 (May 2021) Release Notes

Welcome to VANet 2! The long awaited update to modernize VANet's infrastructure is here. After extensive testing (thanks, beta testers) and migrating Flare to the new system in Flare [v1.2.5](https://github.com/va-net/flare/releases/tag/v1.2.5), we think this release is ready to go.

## Changelog

-   New Authentication System
-   Reworked website
-   Major backend rewrite
-   Support tickets
-   Session & account management
-   Paid tier for users removed (not airlines)
-   Public browsing of airport/aircraft data
-   New developer portal and API Key system

## What this means for you

-   If you are an airline running Flare, you must ensure your Crew Center is up-to-date
-   If you are a VANet Gold subscriber, you may experience some temporary outages as we work to rebuild our billing system over the coming weeks
-   If you are a user who subscribes to the User Premium plan, you will continue to be billed. If you wish to cancel this, please get in touch.

## What's Next?

We now have a public roadmap available on our GitHub [here](https://github.com/orgs/va-net/projects/3) if you want to take a look at what we're planning to release over the next few months, but here's a brief overview.

-   **Billing Rework:** This is a backend change and should not change anything on the client side. We're changing the way we handle subscriptions to make it easier to move forward.
-   **Blog:** The team at VANet wants your airline to succeed, so we'll be launching a blog with tips, strategies, and techniques to help your VA soar. We're also planning on allowing VAs to publish blog posts that will appear both on Flare and on our website, so stay tuned!
-   **Leaderboards:** A little bit of friendly competition never goes astray! We're working on leaderboards to help keep your pilots active as well as to give you an overview of the dynamics of your VA.
